# Data-Integration-Multiple-Source
Integration of data from multiple source during a fatigue test

This repository includes Matlab codes developed to integrate data from Acoustic Emission sensors and Wave Generator (load frame) system in fatigue tests.

Simply, the problem discription is:
We are interested to study Acoustic Emission signals emitted from a specific area under study in a material due to structural damage in course of fatigue loading. Data are recorded from one Wave Generator and two AE sensors. 


In doing so, we are mainly faced with following issues:
1- Existance of noise in recorded AE signals.
2- Distinguishing signals emitted from area under study and other areas.
3- Mismatch of time parameters recorded in AE sensors and Wave Generator.


The developed codes in this repository address these issues. Codes are written in a general format, applicable to all the data from 30 fatigue tests. Each test generated a different number of data points in each dataset. 


In summary, each of the codes address a specific issue:

1- AE_Instron_Data_Match: Imports datasets generated by Wave Generator (Instron) and AE, compares their time dependent parameters and match them by removing redundant data points recorded in AE dataset.

---------> A sample result from this code is shown in images "Load vs. Time (Raw data)"  and "Load vs. Time (Matched data)".


2- AE_Entropy_hit_filter: This code uses the modified AE dataset generated from previous code. It separates data points recorded from both AE sensors and remove unrelated data to damage by comparing them. Simply, this code addresses issues number 2 and 3.

---------> A sample result from this code is shown in images "Raw AE hit data"  and "Load and Delta T filtered AE hit data".
